Is the destiny of mankind controlled
by some transcendental entity or Law?
Is it like the hand of
God hovering above?
At least it is true...
...that man has no
control, even over his own will.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Can't we go any faster?
No.
Any faster and it'll
be too much for Griffith.
They're catching up.
Feel no shame about shape.
Weather changes the phrase.
Even mother will
show you another way.
So, put your glasses on.
Nothing will be wrong.
There's no blame, there's no fame.
It's up to you.
The first words should be found.
Whatever holds you back.
I...
... can...
I can get it off.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you want.
I don't know why...
I don't know why you are afraid.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you'd say.
I don't know why...
Too late...
It's too late.
Eve of the Feast
First unit, continue pursuit!
Second unit, follow my lead!
To the valley!
At this rate they'll
catch up with us any second!
We have no choice!
Should we attack?
No, we'll make it!
We thought we'd welcome
you with bows and arrows.
I'm counting on
you to look after Griffith.
We'll take good care of him, Big Sister.
We must annihilate
them here and now, at once!
Bastards!
Charge!
What happened?
Stop right there!
Bastard!
Don't move.
Now slowly put your
weapons down and surrender!
You thought you could resurrect
the Hawks by bringing him back.
Stop it!
Behold!
This man will never fight again!
He will never ride a
horse, nor hold a sword again...
Why, he can't even
stand on his own two feet!
You've made a great mistake.
There is not a single
shred of hope left for any of you.
What he said about Griffith and the Band
of the Hawk is just a load of bullshit, right?
Screw you guys, I'll ask him myself.
You can't do that.
What do you mean?
Griffith can't give you an answer.
You've got to be kidding.
So his throat got a
little dry living in prison?
And that's why...
What the hell!
This is supposed to
be our new beginning!
We were going to make a fresh start
after we rescued Griffith, am I wrong?
For a year we've been living like insects
squirming around, we've lost half our men...
But despite everything, we all believed
that if we could only get Griffith back...
Is this it?
You know, I had a feeling it'd turn out
like this, that something like this would...
...but...
...but even so...
What are we going to do?
What on earth are we going to do now?
It's not as if the Band of
Hawk has been annihilated!
And we have you, Caska...
Griffith leads the Band of the Hawk.
You all should know that.
Yeah, but if that's the...
Over this past year, Caska's
been through more than anyone else.
Don't be demanding, give her a break.
Yeah, but...
What about us...
Please give me...
...some time.
We still have time
until the others join us.
Let me think this over until then.
Hey, wait up!
What is there to think over?
What you are you planning?
You're not thinking of continuing to...
What were you...
...about to say back there?
To keep your promise...
Just that it's best to
finish what you started...
You're strong, aren't you?
Finish what you started,
because you began it yourself...
Do you really think you
can say that line to Griffith?
Everyone is weak.
So we cling to others
and our hopes and dreams.
In a kind word of comfort...
Or a strict command...
I yearned for someone close to me...
I'll go check on Griffith.
Griffith, let's change your bandages.
Whether it's a good
dream or a bad dream...
No one feels good when
you wake up in the middle of one...
So, are you going back to traveling
and perfecting your combat skills?
I guess, and you?
Well...
Perhaps I'll bring along the guys that
are left behind and form a band of thieves.
That way, at least one
of us can look after Griffith...
I'll come too.
You already left us once, remember?
You have no obligation
to stick with us any longer.
But...
...you do?
Well, yeah...
I'll always be a Hawk.
But you're different.
You've already begun
fighting your own battles.
Leave behind those
who can no longer stand up.
That's the law of the battlefield, isn't it?
But that aside...
You better be sure to
take Caska with you this time.
She is much too earnest to be
leading a pack of stinking thieves.
I can't be a thief and have a conscience.
No thanks!
I mean it.
Take her with you,
even if you have to drag her.
Commander!
Commander Guts!
Hey, are you planning on leaving us
without saying a word like last time?
If you go, please let us go with you!
We've all talked it over and agree...
Not one of us disagrees.
You guys...
As long as you're here...
We'll make it through, somehow.
Commander!
Please take us with you...
Commander...
Please, Commander...
Perhaps...
...this has been my home all along.
I didn't realize it
until this very moment...
Everything I wanted back
then is right before me now.
Why?
Why do I never realize
what I have until it's lost?
Griffith's hands...
I never realized how small they were...
He tried to grasp
everything with these two hands...
Just by placing his
hand on my shoulder...
...he made my fears subside...
He saved me time after time...
Now I must do the same for him.
Oh...
Um...
Um, I...
Sorry...
I'll go get more bandages...
Griffith, st...
Hey...
How's Griffith?
He just fell asleep...
Something wrong?
No, nothing's wrong...
What the hell's going on?
No, really, it's nothing!
So you're crying over nothing?
Did something happen to Griffith?
No stop!
It's not that!
Hey...
I'm sorry...
I can't leave...
What?
I-I can't go with you...
Griffith...
...he's so small...
...and he's so frail...
When he used to be
so proud and confident...
I can't leave him behind...
I can't leave him like that...
I'm sorry...
I'll stay...
...as well.
You have your own
battle to fight, remember?
You said you were finished
fulfilling other people's dreams.
You have to go...
If you're Griffith's true friend...
...then you must leave...
...even if you're alone...
What are you doing
here, trembling with fear?
Let's go...
We still have time to play...
The sun's not down yet.
Griffith!
But how?
Did he hear us?
I'll go after him!
Go tell the others!
I've rested too long...
It's time to go...
It's not over yet...
As long as that cobblestone
path keeps leading me on...
Griffith...
Supper's ready.
Oh, were you asleep?
Sorry...
...but we need to get some air in here...
Where am I?
What?
Is there something on my face?
You were dreaming about
the old days again, weren't you?
A dream...
I see, that's all it was.
It's been a while since any
of the guys came by to see us.
I wonder what they're all up to?
I wonder if that guy's still swinging
his big sword around somewhere?
The past feels like nothing
more than a dream now.
Hey Guts!
Leave Pippin alone!
Go wash your hands!
Yes mother!
Many things happened...
But they're all just
distant memories now.
I think I'm much more
suited to this lifestyle...
My life with you and our
boy, just the three of us...
This kind of peaceful life is not so bad.
It's called a Behelit,
the Egg of the King.
The owner of this
necklace is destined to hold the...
...entire world in his hands,
in exchange for his flesh and blood.
In exchange for his flesh and blood?
Griffith...
...was it really me
who drove you to this?
Am I responsible for
what has become of you?
What should I do?
What do you want me to do?
What can I do for you now?
What's that?
What the...
A solar eclipse...
Griffith!
Stay away!
Guts!
What the hell is that?
Soldiers?
Can it be the Midland Army?
I don't know...
I don't know what it is...
But it's ominous...
Griffith!
Don't come near!
Stay away from me!
If you touch me now...
If you grab my shoulder now...
I'll never be able to...
You and I, we'll never be the same...
Griffith.
Looking back, the morning comes.
Don't find your face in your glass.
Take the moonlight by the tail.
It's a rainy sight that you're shading.
What is that?
It's just the same.
What is trying on your crown?
I'm spending my
glass and walking back.
So wear my glass, you're fading.
I'm waiting so long.
I'm waiting...
Next Episode
Their final destination is darkness...
And waiting for them is despair.
They are swarmed by...
Betrayal...
...confusion...
...tears...
...woe...
...solitude...
And all that is left in the end...
Is the purest dream...
The Great Eclipse
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org